c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\WSFramework.dll.config
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\WSFramework.dll
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\WSFramework.pdb
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\obj\Debug\WSFramework.dll
c:\users\jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\obj\Debug\WSFramework.pdb
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\WSFramework.dll.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\Jepp2078\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WSFramework\WSFramework\bin\WSFramework.dll.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
